Book Title brainstorm for potential change.
Ted the Respec"t"able
Respec: "T"ed Able
Ted Able, the Respecialist
The Respecialist, Ted Able


Potential Sidestories
Bamm! - The origin story of Prio's brother from his perspective until he gains the name.

Bamm's class is Berserker.
Class trait - All damage received increases the strength of your next blow within the same minute as the damage is taken.


MC:
Ted Able
Ted: Theodore is a Greek name meaning "gift of God"
Able: Abel - Cain's brother, symbolism (Able -> Apel-> Hevel -> Evanescence) 


In Hebrew Baby Names the meaning of the name Jonas is: Gift from God.
In American Baby Names the meaning of the name Jonas is: Gift from God.

Evanescence is a word typically used to describe an event that fades from sight or memory, or sometimes the fleeting quality of worldly success. (Describing the book and story)

Volume 1 of Respec Ted's story is telling the story of Ted regaining his Humanity. At the end becomes a humanoid clean slate and no more reference to his earlier life will be made. Ted took a deep breath. "I feel one with the air... Clean." His transformation gives Ted the family name Able.

Petramus has been working on creating a new vessel for himself. A grown human body. To escape the imminent death of aging. Shirley is aware of this and wants the machine to transfer bodies, so she can escape her ugly vessel. Prio is one potential body Shirley has been nurturing.

Bamm is found trapped and tortured still inside the metallic core. Ted sacrifices himself and gives back Bamm's Ape vessel in an heroric act of kindness. Once the battle is over and Ted is in his new vessel, Ted wants to give Bamm his 3 percent soul back, so Ted will lose the power of Bamm's Aping of the Monkeys. Bamm rejects the offer and lies about there not being a curse, he wants Ted to keep it, at least until Ted is able to recover his own lost soul essence. It is revealed that Bamm was cursed from Ted having his essence and the curse made him Respect Ted more "I won't lift the curse, if it means losing respect for this man, not now, not ever."

Upon quest completion. 
Accessing environmental damage...
Scanning area for causalities...
Weighing resources..
Determining stability...
Estimating future conflict...
Calculating success rating... 
Success Rating -E- given.
Not knowing what hit him, Petramus has changed his focus from expanding, to rebuilding and is therefore no longer threatening the livelihood of the Flying Monkeys., ceasing their retort.

Current Soul Essence: 97%
Soaring Monkey Soul Essence: 3%

Rolling -E- reward.....
Reward > 

[Bamm's Aping of the Monkeys]
Learned the dialect of the Monkey kin.

Characters Overview:
Ted the Respecialist
Petramus the Insatiable
Bamm the Heroric Warrior Ape
Shirley the Unsullied

The Bamm Rejuvenation Party
Ted (As Bamm)
- Shiv of the Pashupatastra
- Loincloth of Pneumatic Leap 
Gavin the Navigator
- The Map of Projection
- The Goggles of Orienteering
Prio the Apprentice
- Stick of Regrowth
Gab and Gib the Mirrored Twins
- Rope of Quantum Leap (Or "A Vendible Horrid Knish" // Niels Henrik David Bohr ) 
- Shield of Deflection
- Dagger of Immobilization


[Pneumatic Leap]
The strength of the Puma is channeled and explodes from your legs, giving you an incredible leaping power.

Moderate Windup Delay
0 MP cost

[Pasupatastra]
Legendary weapon wielded by Shiva. One of her personal weapons, dangerously alluring in it's destructive capabilities. Known to only be wielded by the greatest of warriors.

[Projection]
Analyze and project your surroundings accurately and compile it. Store it in an object.
[Orienteering]
Read the [Projection] stored in an object.

[Regrowth]
Regrow organic vessels by impuring your magic. Regrowth of large amounts of materials, like limbs, may take days of constant application of mana.

[Quantum Leap]
Teleport between two points.

- Petramus' Garden -
Style and symbolism
Korean gardens are structured to live in harmony with pre-existing landscapes. Sites are chosen in favor of the energy flow called pungsu 풍수, geomancy which affects all aspects of life including health, wealth, and happiness. Unlike gardening styles of the west, the construction of a Korean garden must be done with as little disruption to the pre-existing site as possible, and can even lend from the surrounding view, such as mountains on the horizon, into its own appearance. The gardens can be found enclosed within walls of stone or brick or can blend seamlessly into its surroundings without a barrier.[3]

Buildings and pavilions in the gardens are minimal in number and unobtrusive to the thriving natural landscape. Stylized flowers and blossoms that hold great symbolism, such as the Sacred Lotus and plum blossoms, are painted onto Buddhist temples, royal tombs, and palace pavilions in bright yet harmonious colors; a style called dancheong 단청, or “red and blue/green.”[3]

Traditional spiritual and philosophical symbolism can be found throughout Korean gardens; Shamanistic, Animist, Buddhist, Daoist, and Confucian influences along with homage to the Dangun Creation story are often simultaneously represented. From the clear symbols such as stylized decorations painted on pavilions and buildings, to the use of colors and the number and types of trees, rocks, ponds, and plants, all Korean gardens hold a significance of beauty aesthetically, culturally, and spiritually.[3]

Examples of Tree Types and their Meanings:

    Persimmon: The Persimmon tree symbolizes transformation. Jill Mathews, author of Korean Gardens, writes, “… their fruit starts off hard, green, and extremely bitter but ripens to a bright orange and becomes very soft and sweet…”[3]

   Korean Red Pine: Symbolizes loyalty, constancy, and righteousness. The bark resembles the shell of the tortoise, which symbolizes longevity. Often used near Confucian scholarly buildings and pavilions. Called sonamu 소나무 meaning supreme tree.[3]

   Bamboo: Simplicity, integrity, flexibility. Its uprightness symbolizes strength while its hollow stem equates to open-mindedness.[3]

  Crepe Myrtle: Baerong Namu 배롱나무, meaning “Tree with flowers lasting more than 100 days”, symbolize integrity and loyalty of Confucian scholars and can be found in Confucian academy gardens.[3]

Flowers:

  Peonies: Known as the Queen of Flowers, both the tree peony and the herbaceous peony symbolize royalty, riches, honor, female beauty, and love.[3]

  Lotus: The lotus is recognizable as a sacred symbol in Buddhism and can be found in ponds of both Buddhist temples and Confucian academies, symbolizing purity, transformation, and enlightenment.[3]

  Rocks: The symbolism of rocks can be found in their number and structure, for instance, three rocks in an arrangement can represent the three mountain gods in the Dangun creation story. Matthews notes that, “… rocks appear in two’s, three’s, nine’s, or twelves, although there are occasional extravagant arrangements of sixty.”[3] Rocks can be selected and assigned special names either based upon their appearance, or some unconnected meaning, however, no stones are taken from far distances and added to the garden.[3]

Ponds: Ponds symbolize tranquility and stillness; inviting deep contemplation from visitors. Their bridges can symbolize moving from lower thought processes to more sacred thoughts, or the movement from life on Earth into the tranquil afterlife. The Daoist and Confucian belief that heaven is round and the Earth is square is often reflected in the appearance of ponds and their island; the pond being square in shape and the island being round. "Few Korean gardens are considered complete without at least one pond."[3]